Bug Fix: Block SCVI batch correction (#109)
CCBR/SINCLAIR: CHANGELOG.md

  - Set all default parameters in `nextflow.config`. (#85, @epehrsson)
    - Previously, some parameters were set in `conf/process_params.config`, but we found this confusing, so we consolidated them to the main `nextflow.config` file.
  - Allow sample IDs to contain hyphens. (#94, @wong-nw)

>   - Places SCVI batch correction on hold until a later release (#109, @wong-nw)

Reviewer: suggestion for clarity:

```suggestion
  - Disables SCVI batch correction.  (#109, @wong-nw)
    - This feature is on hold until a later release.
```
